Game Alrgorithm choice: Guess the murderer

(Ideas: The detective(Which is the user)
 have to interview and get clues from the 4 suspect about the crime
 and the detective have to guess at the very end of the game.)

1.) Have a 4 suspect for the crime (Suspect1,Suspect2,Suspect3, Someoneelse )

2.) Create a class def function from another file suspect and evidence1
	- def __init__
	- def kitchen(self)
		print: " The evidence in the kitchen is, (user input) 
	etc.

3.) The detective(user) will be at the crime scene searching for clues

4.) Prompt the detective(user) where he wants to look first (Kitchen, under the bed, Basement)

	Option 1 if the detective chose Kitchen, the detective will put what he sees(no break so it will ask again)
	
	Option 2 if the detective chose under the bed, the detective will put what he sees(no break so it will ask again)

	Option 3 if the detective chose Basement, the detective will put what he sees(no break so it will ask again)

	Option 4 the user has a choice to proceed to the next step(break)

5.) User will be given a "dictionary" of evidence he finds before proceeding to the next step
	- Use for loops to print ( In the Kitchen, the evidence is blood stain ) ( In the basement, the evidence is a wedding ring) etc.

6.) Prompt the detective(user) which Suspect he wants to interview first? 
	Create a variable
		- Suspect1 = Suspect1()

7.) Print a bunch of "String" or "list" of the evidence for the interview questions, There will be a choice if he is done asking questions he can proceed

	Option 1 if pick, Where were you when during that night of the murder(no break so it will ask again)

		- Right after the question, There will be another option if you want to add (This specific clues) to the "List" of evidence

	Option 4 if pick, Proceed to the next step which is looping back to asking who he wants to interview(break)


8.) The Suspect who is getting interviewed will give an answer depending on what question it is


9.) After the question, The detective(user) will be asked who he wants to interview next and he will also be asked
    if he wants to continue interviewing the suspect or he wants to proceed to the next step

10.) Prompt the user to guess which suspect he thinks is the murderer
	(No spoiler)
	If the right suspect is chosen, the detective won
		- print: You have won the game!
	
	if the wrong suspect is chosen, the detective gets fired
		- print: You lose the game!

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
